#---Short description---
A hospitalized Boy comes to terms with his own story by traveling with his Mom to a beautiful fantasy world; ultimately helping his fellow patients find closure by walking a mile in their shoes.
#---Long Description---
Rakuen is an adventure game about a little Boy who lives in the hospital.
One day, the Boy asks his Mom to escort him to the fantasy world from his favorite storybook, so that he can ask the Guardian of the Forest to grant him one wish.
In order to receive his wish, the Boy must complete a set of challenges that revolve around helping his neighbors in the hospital by interacting with their alter-egos in the fantasy world...
...A cranky old man who guards a broken music box with his life while complaining that he never gets any visitors; a young woman in a coma whose husband hasn’t left her side in months; a little girl who laments over a friend she was never able to say goodbye to after growing ill… The Boy slowly begins to realize that his neighbors are plagued by secrets and struggles that are mysteriously tied to the strange hospital.
FEATURES
Heartwarming and character-rich story.
A unique non-combat adventure that mixes whimsical dungeons, eerie room escape puzzles, and dialogue-based mysteries that are intricately tied to the story.
Walk a mile in everyone's shoes as you traverse each character's life to learn about their unfinished business and help them through it.
An original soundtrack featuring multiple vocal songs that are closely tied to each character.
Collect items and build friendships to gradually make the hospital a better place.
Go on humorous quests for strange creatures in the fantasy world.
#---Achievements---
Clear the Air
Help save Bad Attitude Onion from his bad attitude.
Become Radical
Become Radical in the eyes of the Radshroom Protection Society.
Runestone: Light
Learn 'Mori no Kokoro' Part 1.
Runestone: Family
Learn 'Mori no Kokoro' Part 2.
Runestone: Love
Learn 'Mori no Kokoro' Part 3.
Runestone: Friendship
Learn 'Mori no Kokoro' Part 4.
Runestone: Night
Learn 'Mori no Kokoro' Part 5.
Rakuen
Complete the game.
Tiny Planets
Return all of Sue's marbles.
There's nothing wrong with a Security Bean Bag
Help the Wooden Sign on Wooden Sign Day.
The Leeble Protection Agency
Discover the Leeble Protection Agency.
Play it louder, man!
Collect all the jukebox tracks.
Connoisseur of the Monsieur
Examine each unique piece of Monsieur Bud themed artwork.
Mom, can I keep 'em?
Adopt all the pets.
Towel Cape Hero
Collect and place all the special items for the hospital.